SIN #: 480 924 067

Hospital: Burnaby General Hospital/ 'Fast Track Ward.' Is the section of the Hospital he is in.
Need to get contact information for this Hospital.

 Email: lgratton648@gmail.com

Contact Person that Leo gave to me on April 2nd/23
Is: Sam, he's an East Indian guy that Leo trusts. Sam can be reached at: +1 727 720 shit l don't have the last 4 digits!!! How did that happen???

Leo wants to sue 'RIOBI,' They are a company that makes tools. Leo was cutting plastic tubing for water drainage and when he put the tool down it spit rocks into his eyes, and he says that is what happened to him that has made him blind. He also referenced Claudette's brother, who according to Leo went into the bush where Leo was working and beat the shit out of him. I did text Leo to inform him, that l don't want to deal with the past, because l did take the X to get informed about what happened to Leo and Claudette on the evening they had gone to a bar on Notre Dame Avenue, in Sudbury and l was told that Leo is the one who had hit Claudette 😳 and that is the story l am sticking with. But even, if Chico is completely right about Claudette's brother beating him up, we'll surely he must of had a reason to go out into the bush to beat up Leo during the night while Leo was working in the bush. It could be a true story or maybe it was somebody else who Leo may have owed money to because of his cocaine addiction. He would burn the cocaine using a spoon and it turns into 'Crack,' and that was Leo's drug of choice. He did tell me that he never shot up any drugs and l believe him because l am sure he would certainly be dead otherwise. Especially, with all of the drug overdoses that are being cut with fentinal!!! And this killer drug is being imported from China. There are more people being killed by this drug and it is a global epidemic!!!.

I have noticed that Stacey is being very abrupt with me. Not social at all. And that's because l did text her and l made it clear that l wouldn't permit them to gain custody of the twins!!! And l had also texted this to Leo, and l haven't heard back from Leo, since this X. So, l must contact The Adoption agency and make it clear that they cannot release the twins to Leo and Stacey. I  do find it ironic that the agency would even consider doing that, knowing Leo's and Stacey's history. So make it a point to contact the Adoption agency  ASAP!!!

